That's great.
It's healthy.
That's good. I don't have to worry about anything.
What's wrong with feeling guilty?
What am I guilty of?
Did you know that this new drug unless there is an antidote
Otherwise, it cannot be cured overnight.
Oh.
Oh, I see.
You suspect that I directed and acted and arranged for someone to assassinate you
Then I will risk my life to block the knife for you
Make you admire me
Right?
Since you think I made this whole thing up
Then you think so.
If you'll find out sooner or later that I didn't do anything
No, I almost got caught
The murderer behind Mr. Yan's shooting and assassination has been found
Say
Six months ago, we bought a plot of land in Dongcheng District
This project has always been where is the Li family
But in the end, we were intercepted.
The Li family itself is a gangster. Get up
I have some issues with you, Young Master Yan
Do you want to arrange some manpower to fight tooth for tooth?
Want my life
How could it be as simple as tit for tat?
Understood, I'll arrange it.
Wait, find someone to keep an eye on Qu Yan